Add local = true and skip interop if true. (#45)
w3c/vc-di-ecdsa-test-suite: CHANGELOG.md

# w3c/vc-di-ecdsa-test-suite  ChangeLog

## 3.0.0 -

### Added

> - **BREAKING**: new option local skips interop tests by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: interop tests are now skipped by default; `LOCAL_ONLY` environment variable set to `false` reenables them.
```
